Welcome to Window Manager Icons
Version 0.3.0

The Window Manager Icons is an efficient icon distribution designed to
be standardized and configurable.  Includes several themed icon sets,
a template icon set to help building new themed icon sets, scripts and
configurations for several window managers.

The idea is having many icon sets all implementing the same
standardized icon list (see icons.lst file in this directory).  There
are semantical icon set aliases which are linked to the real icon sets
and are relinked dynamically.  The standard icon set aliases include
'menu' for menu-icons, 'mini' and 'norm' for mini and normal (desktop)
icons, representing application windows in WM.  Anyone can define her
own aliases, like 'large-buttons' for her FvwmButtons, and refer to
icons as large-buttons/window-close, large-buttons/xterm, etc.  Icon
set aliases can point to any installed icon set and be switched from
within a menu.

All included icon sets have one-sized icons and are named by the
scheme <size>-<theme>, like 44x52-penguins.  Absent icons (if any) are
linked to the most relevant one present in the same icon set.

There are currently 17 themed icon sets, which can be switched from
within a menu.  There is also template icon set included for those who
want to start their own wm-icons based icon sets.

The standardized icon list currently includes 84 icon names.

Installation instructions can be found in the INSTALL file.

Each user can run wm-icons-config for personal (not global)
settings, like:
  wm-icons-config -p -d   # creates ~/.wm-icons with default links
This is optional, the ~/.wm-icons directory will be created (if
needed) on the first wm-icons-set-links -p call.  See the
(forthcoming) documentation for wm-icons-config for more details.

There are configurations for various window managers (fvwm1, fvwm2, fvwm95,
scwm for now) in the etc/ directory.

Read files in doc/ directory for more help.
icons.lst contains the information about the icon list and used icons.

Visit the project's home page at http://wm-icons.sourceforge.net/ .
